last changes (#11)
vlykhvar/hibernate-theater: README.md

**Online Football Tickets App**\
This project was created to demonstrate skills in working with a technology stacks.
---
App clients can perform the following actions:

`No role:`
- registration
- log in

`USER:`

> - View all available game
> - View all Stadium
> - View game match
> - View own order list
> - Find math by date
> - Make an order
> - add a ticket to his shopping card

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View all available games
- View all stadiums
- View game matches
- View his own order history
- Find match by date
- Make an order
- Add a ticket to his shopping cart
```

`Admin:`
- Add game
- Add stadium
- Add game match
- Find user by email

---
**Technologies Used**
- Java 8
- Maven
- Maven Checkstyle Plugin
- Spring Security
- Spring MVC
- Hibernate
---
**Running the Project**
1. Download and install last JDK

> 2. Download and install the MySQL

Reviewer: what about Tomcat?

3. Clone the project from GitHub
4. Open in an IDE.

> 5. Configure file db.properties by according to your database settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Configure file db.properties according to your database settings.
```

> 6. Run the project!

Reviewer: is admin injected in your app? how can I test the app with ADMIN role?
